we believe in making a world a better
place and we're trying to do that
through design but the world for us
starts with our company
our first product weigh band is a
wearable haptic navigation device for
the blind and visually impaired lea got
an article published and it had made his
way to his guy with simon we cross
[Music]
he reached out to us and he was like if
you can have this technology ready by
November I'll run a New York City
Marathon with it we saw it and it was
kind of like moonshot this is probably
not gonna work but let's just do it and
see how far we can get in Keith's story
I see a microcosm that reflects a
greater macrocosm in terms of an
emerging set of values what we found is
that everyone has a set of tensions in
their work in life things like making a
living and making a life or fulfilling
the organization's needs and the needs
at the end of the jewel we navigate
those tensions using our own unique
strategies for example working remotely
learning new skills or self-care
navigating these tensions is critical
because a lot is at stake for us when we
show up to work like our sense of
purpose or our connection to our
families and communities and for me and
this organization this is why we should
care about designing a more enlightened
way of working we see a company as a
vehicle to design life with as opposed
to something to conform to where works
is really thinking holistically about
navigating their tensions for example
when it comes to attention like making a
living and making a life what kinds of
cultural practices and policies need to
be in place to support a strategy like
flexible or remote work where works we
have this policy call wherever words and
the basic idea is that we don't really
care where people are as long as the
work gets done by doing so we make our
employees ridiculously happy and by
doing that we get the best work from
people we're seeing that people
everywhere are challenging these
inherited default ways of working they
want access to more choices more agency
the freedom to decide how they want to
work this supports them to better
navigate the tensions in their work in
life for the sake of preserving what's
at stake for them we did six months
brand
and on November 5th 2017 Simon ran the
first 15 miles of the New York City
Marathon and without any sighted
assistance working with the blind and
visually impaired was a wonderful
challenge it's a different feeling when
you go to work every day and the thing
that you do actually help the needle of
humanity in some way move forward where
works embodies what an enlightened way
of working means for people out in the
world today
you